Review 1: 
The combination of the 8 am lectures and theory/proof-heavy lectures made me not want to go to lectures after the first few weeks. If you're good at learning by yourself, 
he is worth taking because there is a very generous curve at the end.

Review 2:
CHOOSE HIS CLASS
Caring

Review 3:
Overall he's super nice and funny, but the lectures are chopped. You are required to watch lecture videos BEFORE the actual lecture and take a pre-lecture quiz. Then the actual lecture in-person is just him doing proofs.
Lots of homework
Lecture heavy
Test heavy

Review 4:
notes are heavy but not useful

Review 5:
Nonchalant final boss

Review 6:
庞教授神中神，无需多言。

Review 7: 
Amazing lectures with proofs, theorems, and examples organized clearly. Quizzes test general understanding, exams are very doable as long as you go through the lecture notes, and homework is helpful with understanding the material. 
Chill dude. Exam had a picture of a cat on the cover which was cute.

Review 8: Super nice professor, posts notes after class, but I he has a very strong accent.

Review 9: He is the GOAT for math no gonna lie, he gives very detailed explanation on every theory in class and gives good examples too. Beyond that, 
he keeps tests easy, you can tell he truly wants his students to succeed.

Review 10: the absolute goat, did bad on my midterms and prob my final and goat still passed me

Review 11: Great professor who truly wants students to succeed. If you do the practice exams, review quizzes and lecture notes, you'll be completely fine for the exams. 
There is also a decent curve at the end of the semester which helps a lot

Review 12: Great guy. Loves cats. Practice exams are MUCH harder than the actual exam. Quizzes are pretty basic (like they don't test advanced knowledge of the section, just like very baseline stuff).


Review 13: Goat. Take him.

Review 14: Prof. Pang is an amazing straight forward educator. His lecture notes are very clear and organized. The homeworks were a bit heavy, but i think it's because we had only 6 weeks to complete the course over the summer. 
However, the homeworks were useful when studying for quizzes and exams.

Review 15: Professor Pang is a very great Calculus teacher whose lectures are focused on dissolving rigorous definitions into digestible concepts whilst applying them. His exams are very straightforward; most of the questions are of similar difficulty to the textbook's problems.]
Be prepared to spend a bit of time to complete his homework.

Review 16: sometimes his accent was a tiny bit hard to understand. great professor overall, attendance not mandatory whatsoever and you can succeed in linear without going to class. quizzes every week in recitation though

